Hey everyone...
Welcome back to Movie Recap.
Today i'm gonna show you a movie called,
Don't Breathe.
It is a 2016 American horrorthriller film
produced and directed by Federico Alvarez,
co-produced by Sam Raimi and starring JaneLevy,
Stephen Lang and Dylan Minnette.
The movie is about a youngwoman and her friends involved
ina house robbery owned byan ex-military blind man,
unfortunately must find a way to escape hishome
before they become his victims.
Let's start...
Three Detroit friends, Rocky , Alex , and Money
break into the home of wealthy owners.
After Alex disables the securitysystem,
they begin to grab the nicest-looking itemsthey can get their hands on.
When they're done, they throw a rockthrough the plate glass door and run.
Rocky lives with her little sister Diddy
and their abusive mother Ginger and her boyfriend Trevor.
Rocky promises to Diddy thatshe will get both of them out
of there so they can starta new life in California.
Alex lives with his father, an active policeman,who is never home
and is apparently pullingdouble shifts at the local police station.
Alex uses his father's computer connections
to look for wealthy people to rob.
Money gets a tip from one of his connects abouta man living in a house
with more than $300,000 in cash stashed somewhere.
It's been saidthat the man is a war veteran and that he lives alone
after his daughter was killed in acar accident.
Rocky is on board since this could be the last robbery
they ever have to pulloff, but Alex doesn't agree with the plan.
He later relents when Rocky begs him,
as he hasa crush on her, even though she's with Money.
The three stalk the man's house, which is located in a slum neighborhood
and is the only occupied house on thestreet
since every other house is condemned and learn that he is blind.
Alex thinksit's messed up to rob a blind guy,
but Money says it doesn't meanhe's a saint if he's blind.
Alex spots a tattoo on Rocky's wristthat's new,
which is of a ladybug.
She explains that as a child,
her father lefther family and her mother blamed Rocky for it.
She would cry and then get locked in the trunk.
One time, a ladybug flew into the trunk and kept her company.
She says she'll have it colored inCalifornia
and then never mark her body again.
The man's vicious Rottweiler dog then jumps
on the car door and frightens the friends.
That night, the three initiate the robbery.
The friends head toward the man's house.
Money drugs the dog to get him to knock out,
allowing them a safe entry into the house.
Rocky goes in first through a small bathroomwindow
and disables the security system.
While her friends wait for her, Money tauntsAlex for his crush on Rocky.
She returns and opens the back door.
Money goes upstairs andfinds the 'Blind Man' sleeping with the TV on.
The Blind Man rises and hears anoise.
He just turns the TV off and goes back to sleep.
Money gasses the roomto ensure that the man won't hear anything.
The three find a locked door that leads to thebasement.
They think this is where they'll find the man's stash.
Money starts to break downthe door,
leading the Blind Man to wake up.
Money starts talking and says he doesn't wanttrouble,
until he decides to pull a gun out on the man.
The Blind Man takes a few stepsforward
as Money holds the gun in his face.
As he slowly gets closer,
the man grabs thegun from Money's hand
and pins him against the wall.
The Blind Man asks Money how many of themthere are in the house.
Money says it's just him and he pleads for the man to let him go.
The BlindMan loosens his grip,
but then shoots Money in the neck and through the head.
He drops Money'sbody to the floor, and Rocky hides in the closet.
The man enters and opens a safe containing hismoney.
Rocky sees the code (2978) as he leaves.
Alex goes to find Rocky after the Blind Man
starts locking up all the doors and windows.
They decide that they just have to sneakin through the basement
and out the cellar door that leads outside.
First, Rocky opensthe safe and puts all the money in her bag.
They head toward the basement,
but the man emerges from there.
The two keep quiet as he holds Money's gun.
Someone's phone goes off, and he fires a quick shot.
Rocky and Alex then head downstairs
as the man drags Money's body outside.
In the basement, Rocky is startled by a woman
who's been chained up to the wall.
Rocky and Alex are freaked out
andalmost leave her until the woman holds up a newspaper article.
It reveals that her name isCindy,
and that she's the woman who accidentally killed the Blind Man's daughter,
but she wasacquitted.
Rocky and Alex free her and carry her toward the cellar door.
Unfortunately,the Blind Man is there when they open it.
He fires the gun and strikesCindy in the face, killing her.
Rocky and Alex hide, and the man finds out he shotCindy.
He cries over her body and yells in rage.
Alex picks up the man's keys
and decides totry and make it back to the front door.
As he and Rocky head back upstairs,
the Blind Man turnsoff the lights in the basement,
leaving them all in total darkness.
Rocky and Alex feel around foreach other as the man shoots the gun.
Rocky almost touches the Blind Man until Alex calls her name.
The Blind Man catches Alex and tries to shoot, but his gun is empty.
Alex pushes a shelf downon him, trapping him.
He and Rocky run upstairs.
Alex holds the door closed with a crowbar.
He and Rocky try to open the door,
only to find the dog has woken up andis ready to attack them.
They run from the dog and trap it in a room.
Unfortunately,
the Blind Man has gotten out of the basement
and he attacks Alex.
He puncheshim multiple times in the face
and appears to impale him with garden shears.
He then finds Rocky and knocks her out too.
Rocky wakes up in the basement,
chained in the same spot as Cindy.
She tells the Blind Man that this won't bring hisdaughter back.
He says that's not entirely true.
He impregnated Cindy to give him a child to makeup for the one she killed,
and he would have let her go once she gave birth.
With Cindy dead, hisunborn child has died as well,
and he holds Rocky accountable.
He cuts open a hole in Rocky's pants
and grabs a baster filled with his semen sample.
He prepares to impregnate Rocky, but luckily,
Alex has gotten up and grabbed a hammer.
He whacks the Blind Man over the head and freesRocky.
They handcuff the man to a pole.
She starts kicking the man and then stuffs the baster downhis throat.
They leave him alone and decide not to involve the cops
since the man could easilytell the cops that Rocky and Alex broke in.
The two head back upstairs to leave.
They manage to open the front door,
but the Blind Man has gottenup and he shoots Alex dead.
Rocky makes a run for it, just as the man letsthe dog out.
Rocky runs back to Money's car
and tries to make it in before the dog gets her,
but she dropped her bag outside the car.
Rocky opens the trunk to try and trap the dog inthere so she can get out.
Her plan works, and she goes outside to get the money,
but theBlind Man comes out and knocks Rocky out again.
The Blind Man drags Rocky back to his house tofinish his job.
A ladybug flies onto Rocky's hand,
giving her a boost of confidence and hope.
Rockygrabs the control to set off the security system,
causing the alarm to distract the man.
She grabsthe crowbar and whacks the Blind Man
over the head multiple times until he falls into the basement
and has his gun go off, shooting him in the side.
Rocky takes the money and leavesthe house before the police show up.
On the last scene of the movie,
Rocky is now withDiddy at the Detroit airport,
ready to start their new lives.
Rocky then sees a news report onTV,
stating that the Blind Man was found alive
and that only two burglars were reported asbreaking into his home,
and that he killed both of them.
Rocky becomes nervous and thentakes Diddy with her,
never to look back again.
Thanks for watching...
Seeyou in another Movie Recap.
Please LIKE and SUBSCRIBE,
and click the bellicon to get new video updates.
Have a nice day...